Add user story section to feature request template (#2168)
digitalfabrik/integreat-cms: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/feature-request.md

### Design Requirements
<!-- If the customization includes input from our design team, the detailed requirements will be collected here. Note: These will exist mainly in German to simplify internal communication. -->

#### Link to Figma

> <!-- The UI/UX team will post the link to figma here -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- Link to the proposed design for this issue. Provided by the UI/UX team of the organization. -->
```
I would prefer a clear description of this issue section and not of our internal design process. This might be confusing of external contributors  as they don't know our design team...

> <!-- Link to the proposed design for this issue. Provided by the UI/UX team of the organization. -->

Reviewer: Yeah, sounds reasonable 👍

> <!-- Link to the proposed design for this issue. Provided by the UI/UX team of the organization. -->

Author: Alright :+1: Change has been applied now

#### User Story

> <!-- A clear description of the User Story that should be achived by the new feature. The User Story should be in the following pattern: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- A clear description of the User Stories that should be achieved by the new feature. The User Stories should follow this pattern: 
```
Most of our issues and PRs are consisting of multiple User Stories. That should be reflected in the template IMO

> As a [type of user] I want [goals or objectives] so that [values or benefits]. -->

Author: Alright. I changed it from a subsection of Design Requirements to a solid section by itself now.
